♪ [music] ♪
Now we've pretty much finished up building
our application, but there's a lot more
in terms of how do we actually deploy
this application and get it running in
production? So, luckily for us Create
React App, which is what we have used so
far, has a build step. If you open up your
package.json, you will see there is a
script called build and we simply just
have to run. If you open up your terminal
here, npm run build, and what that's going
to do is it's going to compress it,
it's going to remove all the stuff out of
React that we don't necessarily need.
It's going to minify it and uglify it, all
of that good stuff that we're used to and
make us a tiny little JavaScript file, as
well as take our CSS out and put it into
its own file. So, there we have it. It ran
npm run build and after that we've got a
couple little tiny...a CSS file,
a JavaScript file, and an index.html.
Then it also gives us some information
here on how to serve it.
And, I'm going to go over the next couple
videos with you, show you how to get that
online. But, let's just take a quick look
at that build folder here.
You'll see inside of it is the index.html,
which is very small and then inside of our
static, we've got our CSS. And then, we
also have a css.map, and that's the source
map, so that if there's ever an issue with
our CSS, we can see where we actually
authored it, like in our animations.style
file. Same goes for our javascript file,
it's one big file, however, if you look
inside of that, the map file's going to
point you towards the actual components
where we wrote it. And then,
in the media, I've got just a couple fonts
that we need here, and then the anchor
that we used in our main file. So, that's
pretty much all we need,
it's just an index.html and stack, there's
no server that comes along with it.
If I were to open that up in my browser
here, you'll notice that it doesn't work.
Right? There's some errors and everything.
And, even if you were to push that up to
some server and surf to index.html, what
happens is that when you're on index.html
it's actually fine, but when you go to a
secondary page, like
store/defeatedobnoxiouschildren, the
browser thinks you're in a folder called
store and a folder called defeated
obnoxious children. And, if you were then
to refresh that, there's no index.html
inside of that folder.
So, we need some sort of server that is
essentially going to serve this index.html
up, regardless of what URL the user
requested and we'll say, don't worry about
it, we're going to let the browser
figure out all of our routing.
So, I'm going to show you a few different
methods to actually do that.
The first one is now.sh, the second one is
going to be Github pages, and then the
third one, I'm going to just show you how
to just throw it up on any existing server
that you might have, like a PHP server,
that's a couple bucks a month.